Update s8s API error docs to include AUTH errors (#26785)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

The most common errors include the following:

`AUTHENTICATION_ERROR`

> : As a safety measure, when a test fails due to an authentication error (invalid credentials), Synthetics disables the test retry mechanism until the test is updated with new credentials (and is therefore more likely to succeed). This is done to ensure your failing tests are not run unnecessarily in the interim causing false alerts and inflated usage (billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Synthetic Monitoring automatically disables test retries when authentication failures occur. This safety measure remains in effect until you update the test with valid credentials. This prevents unnecessary test executions that would generate false alerts and increase billable usage.
```
